[presets] Escalate C++ "unused" warnings in macOS smoke test (#81284)
swiftlang/swift: CMakeLists.txt

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.19.6)

> # Pull in any Swift-only C++ flags.
> set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS "${CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS} ${SWIFT_CXX_FLAGS}")

Reviewer: Optional: I would move this after line 90, so it is near other code that setup parameters related to C++ compilation

I would also suggest to make the comment slightly more precise -- as the problem stems from how `build-script` orchestrates the builds, if one configures Swift directly (like `build.ps1` does) this would not be needed

```suggestion
# This is needed to allow to pass Swift-only C++ flags from `build-script`
# (as `--swift-cmake-options` does not work as expected, and specifying
# `CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS` to `--extra-cmake-options` would apply the setting
# to other build products as well)
set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS "${CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS} ${SWIFT_CXX_FLAGS}")
```
